 		 
The girl shouldn't have been sacked but if he said anything
 		 
He hadn't seen the old man since
 		 
With him, she'd had some wonderfully stable times
 		 
She'd got him wrong, but that was her loss
 		 
Was it a knock that had woken her?
 		 
The girl shouldn't have been sacked but if he said anything
 		 
'This is what we do with the horses,' she said as she sponged her mother's hot face, dripping water everywhere
 		 
When her father was drunk, he'd say 'I used to have a brother, you know', and get a faraway look in his eyes
 		 
He had waited twenty years to return it
 		 
He opened the door to find her standing there, crying.
 		 
He kept absolutely still as the footsteps got louder
 		 
The boy hadn't spoken since his twin had gone
 		 
She'd only given in because she was lonely
 		 
She had made a poor job of hiding the damage 
 		 
As he opened the car door, there was a loud
 		 
She couldn't believe it. Was it really him?
 		 
He was successful, attractive and charming but he'd learnt that people of that age always had secrets
 		 
He sat her down and held her close before telling her the terrible news
 		 
To save his own life, he would have to kill
 		 
She decided to go to her father's grave, to ask his advice
 		 
He realised the child had seen him and he couldn't let him get away
 		 
Why had no-one ever mentioned Mum's twin?
 		 
She kept checking her phone and email, wishing someone would make contact
 		 
On the Livingstone estate, flies were sometimes the first indication that someone had died
 		 
She looked around quickly, to see if anything had been taken.
 		 
As soon as she walked in, she felt the tension
 		 
He was excited to find 150 new emails in his inbox
 		 
She was a stranger in a very strange land
 		 
He'd had a bad day and just needed something to make him feel better
 		 
He hadn't seen the old man since
 		 
He looked at his phone, turned pale, then quickly left the room. She watched him, smiling.
 		 
As the dream faded, she chased it, forlorn
 		 
She knelt on the carpet in her new living-room, a big cardboard box in front of her, unwrapping ornaments
 		 
He stared hard at the table as he tried to recall his attacker, and began describing
 		 
He hadn't meant to scare the child
 		 
The pen hadn't been worth stealing
 		 
To save his own life, he would have to kill
 		 
The Ferrari stopped and the tinted window opened to reveal
 		 
Why shouldn't they help themselves, after the way they'd been treated?
 		 
So far, the disease had cropped up in five different towns
 		 
The sound of laughter drifted up from the street below, making him feel very alone in this new town
 		 
Everything about her was a lie
 		 
She'd only given in because she was lonely
 		 
He had waited twenty years to return it
 		 
Someone must have seen him, because the police were at his door
 		 
He wanted her job and it would be easy enough to
 		 
He didn't reply and immediately she thought: they've got him and now they're coming for me
 		 
She turned and nearly fell over the bonnet of his car, which was crawling quietly along the street.
 		 
The first Christmas she could remember was also her best Christmas ever.
 		 
With him, she'd had some wonderfully stable times
 		 
They had been together for twenty-five years
 		 
The fire was getting closer
 		 
She turned and nearly fell over the bonnet of his car, which was crawling quietly along the street.
 		 
She took a deep breath and said to her boss - 
 		 
He had waited twenty years to return it
 		 
They had to work together, so they would need to
 		 
With him, she'd had some wonderfully stable times
 		 
So far, the disease had cropped up in five different towns
 		 
The old house, with its wildly overgrown garden, was silent, secretive
 		 
Who would have poisoned the old man's dog?
 		 
As she searched, her movements were frantic
 		 
They had to work together so they were going to have to learn to get along
 		 
The victim had tried to write something as he was dying
 		 
The woman doting on her children across the room was still recognisable as the bully from her high school
 		 
After five years, he just happened to be walking down her street?
 		 
They'd had a lot of freedom back then and not just because their environment was safer - few children had been allowed to roam as much as they
 		 
They found his diary under his bed
